Add docs about composites and downtimes behaviour (#14912)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/composite.md

**Note**: When the composite has `notify_no_data` to false, and the result of the evaluation of the sub-monitors should end up on a `No Data` status for the composite, the composite uses the last known state instead.

### Composites and Downtimes

A composite monitor and its individual monitors are independent of each other.

> **Downtime on composite monitor**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Downtime on a composite monitor
```

> Take a composite monitor that consists of two individual monitors with the condition `A || B`. Creating a downtime on the composite monitor will surppress notifications from said composite only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider a composite monitor `C` that consists of two individual monitors with the condition `A || B`. Creating a downtime on the composite monitor will suppress notifications from `C` only.
```

> Take a composite monitor that consists of two individual monitors with the condition `A \|\| B`. Creating a downtime on the composite monitor will surpress notifications from said composite only.

Reviewer 2: "supress"

> In case monitor `A` or monitor `B` notify services or teams as well in their respective monitor configurations, the downtime on the composite alone will not mute any notifications caused by them. To achieve this, a separate downtime on the composite is needed.

Reviewer 2: A separate downtime on the underlying monitors not on the composite.

> In case monitor `A` or monitor `B` notify services or teams as well in their respective monitor configurations, the downtime on the composite alone does not mute any notifications caused by them. To achieve this, one or more downtimes on the underlying monitors are needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If monitor `A` or monitor `B` notify services or teams in their respective monitor configurations, the downtime on the composite `C` does not mute any notifications caused by `A` or `B`. To mute notifications from `A` or `B`, set downtime on those monitors.
```

> **Downtime on an individual monitor used in a composite monitor**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Downtime on an individual monitor used in a composite monitor
```

> Using the example above above a composite monitor that consists of two individual monitors with the condition `A \|\| B`. Creating a downtime on the individual monitor `A` will not mute the composite monitor.

Reviewer 2: "above" twice.

> Using the example above above a composite monitor that consists of two individual monitors with the condition `A \|\| B`. Creating a downtime on the individual monitor `A` will not mute the composite monitor.

Reviewer 2: "Using the example above": this behaviour doesn't depend on the query at all (`A && B` would do the same thing for instance). This might be confusing as one could think that this only is the case because A notifying or B notifying means that even if one is muted the other will make the composite notify.

> For example, a downtime mutes monitor `A`, specifically its group `env:staging`. Once the group `env:staging` reaches an alert-worthy state, the notification coming from individual monitor is suppressed while the composite monitor sends an alert notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a downtime mutes monitor `A`, specifically its group `env:staging`. Once the group `env:staging` reaches an alert-worthy state, the notification coming from the individual monitor is suppressed while the composite monitor sends an alert notification.
```

> For example, a downtime mutes monitor `A`, specifically its group `env:staging`. While the individuak monitor `A` will be once the group `env:staging` triggers, the composite monitor will send an alert notifications.

Reviewer 2: "individual" and I think there's a word missing.
